# `AwsClassicPlacementConfiguration` #



## Polymorphism ##

`AwsClassicPlacementConfiguration` is a type that implements the [`PlacementConfiguration`](./../definitions/PlacementConfiguration.mkd) type.

When an object of type [`PlacementConfiguration`](./../definitions/PlacementConfiguration.mkd) is expected, you can use one of type `AwsClassicPlacementConfiguration`
(or use any other implementation).




## Properties ##

### `region` (required) ###




Property of type: `string`.




### `placementConfigurationType` (required) ###




This `string` property is used for polymorphism. It **must** be set to: `"AwsClassicPlacementConfiguration"`


### `availabilityZones` (optional) ###

The list of available zones. If this is the empty array, Servers will be distributed equally among availability zones. If this property is not present or null, the availability zone will be chosen by AWS.


An array of 
`string` objects.





## Swagger Definition ##

    {
      "properties": {
        "availabilityZones": {
          "description": "The list of available zones. If this is the empty array, Servers will be distributed equally among availability zones. If this property is not present or null, the availability zone will be chosen by AWS.", 
          "items": {
            "type": "string"
          }, 
          "type": "array"
        }, 
        "placementConfigurationType": {
          "enum": [
            "AwsClassicPlacementConfiguration", 
            "AwsVpcPlacementConfiguration", 
            "OpenStackPlacementConfiguration", 
            "CloudStackPlacementConfiguration", 
            "GcePlacementConfiguration"
          ], 
          "type": "string"
        }, 
        "region": {
          "type": "string"
        }
      }, 
      "required": [
        "placementConfigurationType", 
        "region"
      ], 
      "x-abstractType": {
        "$ref": "#/definitions/PlacementConfiguration"
      }, 
      "x-discriminator": "placementConfigurationType"
    }
